fix: #1236 (#1237)
github/choosealicense.com: _licenses/osl-3.0.txt

title: Open Software License 3.0
spdx-id: OSL-3.0

> description: OSL 3.0 is a copyleft license that requires reciprocal licensing for derivative works. It also provides an express grant of patent rights from contributors to users, with a termination clause triggered if a user files a patent infringement lawsuit.

Reviewer: The existing text was probably meant to capture https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_Software_License#Linking_does_not_create_a_derivative_work (see references from there; the author's explanation is also linked in the `note:` field below).

Heres a rewrite that hopefully is more accuarate and is better matched with other descriptions on this site:

```suggestion
description: Permissions of this copyleft license are conditioned on distributing source code of licensed works and modifications under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights. Using the work or modifications to provide services to external users is treated as distribution and also requires making source code available. Works that merely link to a licensed work are considered collective works and are not subject to the license's reciprocity requirements.
```

> description: Permissions of this copyleft license are conditioned on distributing source code of licensed works and modifications under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights. Using the work or modifications to provide services to external users is treated as distribution and also requires making source code available. Works that merely link to a licensed work are considered collective works and are not subject to the license's reciprocity requirements.

Reviewer: I'm afraid Copilot's review does not quite make sense so ignoring.
